the movie starts with tim from the previous movie
has grown up but as an adult tim templeton has
not lost his active imagination now a family man
married to carol and father to tabitha and tina
he indulges in many playful activities his wife
carol is the breadwinner and gathers a lot of
awards while tim keeps an eye on their baby tina
tim also lets us know that from the old baby gang
jimbo and stacey are married with jimbo being
meyer but stacy being the brains between them
and the triplets are now all cops tim's
brother ted is a successful hedge fund manager
ted doesn't always show up for tim so
he spoils his nieces with lavish gifts
including a pony named precious that seems to
hate tim tabitha has been accepted into the
acorn center a prestigious school for gifted
kids like her she gets deep into her studies
to the point where it looks like she is ignoring
tim tim feels bad especially when tabitha tells a
picture of ted that she hopes to be a success like
him one day when he tries to kiss her good night
she instead sticks her arm out for a handshake
saying she is too old for goodnight kisses
tim goes to the attic where he comes across
his old childhood toys the old alarm clock
wizzy is now missing an arm and is mad about
tim storing him away and forgetting about him
tim laments to wizzy that he feels
tabitha is drifting away from him
he then hears noise coming from tina's room to
his surprise she is also a boss baby sent from
baby court for an important mission however
tina wants ted to come for help but tim
refuses to get him involved tina then spots
a doll that records voices and gets an idea
in the morning ted arrives at tim's home in a
chopper under the impression that tabitha fell
off precious and injured herself but that
was just tina forging a voicemail from tim
after the rest of the family fawns over ted with
tabitha giving him a kiss hello to tim's dismay
tim calls ted into the kitchen for a private
discussion as tim tries to explain things about
tina to ted they only argue because ted doesn't
remember anything about his time as a boss baby
tina then breaks out the magic pacifiers
and takes her dad and uncle on a trip
the three are sent to baby corp where all
the memories come flooding back to ted he
even has a gold statue dedicated to him as he is
believed to have single-handedly saved the company
tina takes the brothers to a room where they learn
about the mission baby corp suspects something is
going down at the acorn center with the school's
founder dr erwin armstrong apparently planning
something involving the children at the school tim
knows that tabitha may be involved and realizes
this is why she is overworking herself and
missing out on her childhood when the three return
home tina gives tim and ted a formula that will
transform them back to their younger selves for
48 hours so that they can pose as students at the
acorn center and plant bugs in armstrong's office
the brothers argue again as they begin to age
to themselves from the last movie when carol
and tabitha come back from an errand tim has to
cover up their transformation by saying he and ted
are going on a brotherly bonding trip but carol
reminds tim to be back for his parents arrival
as well as for tabitha's
winter pageant performance
that night tim has a nightmare that he is on
trial for being a bad father with everyone in
his family including his parents ted senior and
janus criticizing him while tabitha slips away
from him when he wakes up he realizes he and ted
are late for their first day at the acorn center
they slip into their old sailor outfits but
miss the bus they end up having to ride precious
through the streets where they cause a lot of
damage like destroying a christmas tree all while
carol is taking the girls to school and tina can
see her dad and uncle nearby involved in the chaos
the brothers make it to the school the two set up
a time for when they will infiltrate armstrong's
office and plant the bug with ted having to go
with the babies and tim ends up in tabitha's class
posing under the name marco's lightspeed a
projection of armstrong teaches tabitha's class
where she is the top student but faces competition
from snotty kid nathan and his cronie megan when
the time comes for the brothers to act ted manages
to escape the class using glue to climb the walls
but tim gets put in time out inside
the box which terrifies the other kids
ted makes it to armstrong's office and is
surprised to see that armstrong was expecting him
it turns out that armstrong is a super smart
baby posing as an adult using a robotic suit
he saw himself as too smart to be tied down
by his parents so he abandoned them and went
off to establish the acorn center to breed
young geniuses like himself and he thinks ted
would make a viable partner in his conquests
after ted has a run-in with some baby ninjas
armstrong gives ted a tour of the facility and
discusses a plan in which he will eliminate the
need for parents once and for all with a new
app that he is having the children work on
after the school tim convinces an unsuspecting
carol to let him ride with the girls back home
for supper this annoys tina at her dad for
potentially compromising the mission at home
tim tries to hide old childhood pics of him so
they won't recognize him in his current child form
tim talks to tabitha about her relationship
with her dad and she expresses that she is not
embarrassed by him but that she feels she can't
live up to the same creative standards that he
said ted senior and janice show up and immediately
notice that marcos looks like tim they also bring
up tim time when tabitha worries he won't show up
for the pageant which they explain is tim going
off in his own world to get away from reality the
elder templetons also mention how much closer tim
and ted used to be which the hidden ted overhears
and realized how he missed their bond as brothers
tim helps tabitha practice for the pageant but
tabitha is too nervous and sings off-key tim
inspires her to see things from his perspective
doing a performance of if you want to sing out and
then tim shows her how to fulfill her potential
he then leaves but sneaks back into the house
tim later rejoins ted and tina where ted says that
baby corp will continue to handle the mission so
the brothers can return to normal and carry on
with their lives tina seeing that the two haven't
reconnected the way she was hoping pretends that
baby corp is calling and saying they won't help
which prompts tim and ted
to finish the job themselves
the plan is set to take effect during the winter
pageant ted watches with armstrong while tim's
family waits for him ted realizes that armstrong's
app will turn the parents into zombies since they
are recording the pageant using it and his plan
will take effect ted tries to shut down the show
but tim tries to stop him from ruining tabitha's
performance the brothers argue again bringing up
how they stopped being there for each other as
they got older armstrong catches them and throws
them in the box tabitha goes up and performs but
because the app has already hypnotized the parents
nobody really paid attention so she runs away
crying armstrong and his babies then rise from
the stage on a giant cake with a countdown taking
effect for when the app will take effect worldwide
tim and ted apologize to each other for
their behavior and they are saved when
they both whistle for precious to break
them out before they drown inside the box
meanwhile tina talks to tabitha for the first
time and tells her that all the stories their
dad told them were all true the sisters band
together to help their dad and uncle tim and
ted ride precious to the giant acorn
that is releasing the signal to the app
while tabitha and tina hijack one of armstrong's
bodysuits as the zombie parents begin to close
in on them when pulling the fire alarm to
short-circuit the acorn it doesn't work so
tabitha and tina duke it out with armstrong until
they see candy and soda falling out from the suit
they quickly put diet coke and mentos together
to create an explosion that floods the acorn and
stops the countdown but then tabitha falls but
tim and ted return to their adult forms in time
to rescue her and tabitha gives her dad a thank
you kiss on the cheek a defeated armstrong then
watches the templeton family reunite lovingly with
carol and the elder templetons finding tim and
ted with the girls tina then tells the brothers
that her plan all along was to have them reunite
with taking down armstrong just being a bonus
sometime later on christmas day the whole family
is together at tim's house except for ted
tim goes outside to find a pile of presents
plus a giant golden statue from ted of tim
when he was a child holding a mug that says
world's best dad ted then surprises tim with a
snowball fight which tabitha and tina join in on
the film ends with armstrong deciding to return
to being a regular child and being embraced by
his parents again thank you for viewing our
featured video in movie summary i hope you
enjoyed watching our videos please like and
share our videos to your families and friends
and subscribe to our channel to help us grow
click the notification bell so that you will
be notified when we upload our next videos